README.md, before:

[![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/peakrdl-regblock/badge/?version=latest)](http://peakrdl-regblock.readthedocs.io)
[![build](https://github.com/SystemRDL/PeakRDL-regblock-vhdl/workflows/build/badge.svg)](https://github.com/SystemRDL/PeakRDL-regblock-vhdl/actions?query=workflow%3Abuild+branch%3Amain)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/SystemRDL/PeakRDL-regblock-vhdl/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://coveralls.io/github/SystemRDL/PeakRDL-regblock-vhdl?branch=main)
[![PyPI - Python Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/peakrdl-regblock-vhdl.svg)](https://pypi.org/project/peakrdl-regblock-vhdl)

# PeakRDL-regblock-vhdl
Compile SystemRDL into a VHDL control/status register (CSR) block. This is a VHDL port of the [SystemVerliog PeakRDL-regblock exporter](https://github.com/SystemRDL/PeakRDL-regblock).

For the command line tool, see the [PeakRDL project](https://peakrdl.readthedocs.io).

## Documentation
See the [PeakRDL-regblock Documentation](http://peakrdl-regblock.readthedocs.io) for more details

## Relationship with PeakRDL-regblock
This is a direct port of the SystemVerilog regblock generator PeakRDL-regblock. Updates from the upstream regblock implementation are converted to VHDL and merged into this repository.

### Versioning

Version numbers track those in the upstream repository, with an added segment. For example, the VHDL version 0.23.0.0 would indicate the first release matching the functionality of the upstream version 0.23.0. Version 0.23.0.1 would indicate a patch update unique to the VHDL port.

In some cases (such as git tags), a `+vhdl` metadata specifier is suffixed to help differentiate from the upstream versions.

### Issue Reporting

If you encounter an issue,
1. Check if it is already reported in the upstream repository's [issue tracker](https://github.com/SystemRDL/PeakRDL-regblock/issues).
2. Report it in the upstream repository unless you are sure it's unique to the VHDL port. If you are unsure, report it here and it may be moved upstream if deemed appropriate.
3. The upstream fix will be merged into this VHDL port.

### Unit Tests

Unit tests are kept as close as possible to upstream. In most cases they are unchanged. They are written in SystemVerilog. An auto-generated test adapter is used to instantiate the VHDL regblock for test.

Commit message:

VHDL updates for readthedocs documentation (#19)
* update README
* updated readthedocs for VHDL
* updated many missed references to systemverilog exporter
* added note in quick start about hdl-src/ files

README.md, after:

[![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/peakrdl-regblock-vhdl/badge/?version=latest)](http://peakrdl-regblock-vhdl.readthedocs.io)
[![build](https://github.com/SystemRDL/PeakRDL-regblock-vhdl/workflows/build/badge.svg)](https://github.com/SystemRDL/PeakRDL-regblock-vhdl/actions?query=workflow%3Abuild+branch%3Amain)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/SystemRDL/PeakRDL-regblock-vhdl/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://coveralls.io/github/SystemRDL/PeakRDL-regblock-vhdl?branch=main)
[![PyPI - Python Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/peakrdl-regblock-vhdl.svg)](https://pypi.org/project/peakrdl-regblock-vhdl)

# PeakRDL-regblock-vhdl
Compile SystemRDL into a VHDL control/status register (CSR) block.

For the command line tool, see the [PeakRDL project](https://peakrdl.readthedocs.io).

## Documentation
See the [PeakRDL-regblock-vhdl Documentation](http://peakrdl-regblock-vhdl.readthedocs.io) for more details

## Relationship with PeakRDL-regblock
This is a direct VHDL translation of the SystemVerilog regblock generator [PeakRDL-regblock](https://github.com/SystemRDL/PeakRDL-regblock). Updates from the upstream regblock implementation are converted to VHDL and merged into this repository.

### Goals

- Maintain feature parity with the upstream SystemVerilog implementation.
- Keep the code structure as close as possible to upstream to allow merging future updates.
- Keep the unit tests as close as possible to upstream. In most cases they are unchanged.
   - Tests are written in SystemVerilog and an auto-generated test adapter is used to instantiate the VHDL regblock under test.

### Versioning

Version numbers track those in the upstream repository with an added segment. For example, the VHDL version 1.0.0.0 would indicate the first release matching the functionality of the upstream version 1.0.0. Version 1.0.0.1 would indicate a patch update unique to the VHDL port.

In some cases (such as git tags), a `+vhdl` metadata specifier is suffixed to help differentiate from the upstream versions.

### Issue Reporting

If you encounter an issue or want to suggest a feature,
1. Check if it is already reported in the upstream repository's [issue tracker](https://github.com/SystemRDL/PeakRDL-regblock/issues).
2. Report it in the upstream repository unless you are sure it's unique to the VHDL port. If you are unsure, report it here and it may be moved upstream if deemed appropriate.
3. The upstream fix will be merged into this VHDL port.
